expo 21,000 15 andrea bocelli milano
2000 April hours and thirty
opening wind
there is a place that is about to become the
the city of the world is the entrance to the world
each country will bring more results
great of the world
the best known universal exposition
as a fair, the first expo is not a fair
it was held at the UN in 1805 one hundred today
after more than a century it faces two great ones
issues of the third millennium ensure
an eiffel tower for boys and children e
to guarantee that for all men
according to me find a piece of line in
Italy is reductive down with the school
it's a shit, winning in every place
sure but all with the pointing finger
towards the year I traveled to Japan
love
look I can't tell
bio rocking horse doing this
around what fascinates you most when
arrive here at the expo according to me it must
enter with the eyes of baggio when
arrivals see these cheese standards
leave the child aside in a boat
and take all the food thinking about the expo
a technician comes to mind
a company that builds more children
obese of europe
he recommends at least one hour of bee
peroncino at least an hour a day if
it's 2 million so much better
100 for 100 brumotti that does a lot of
georges made in italy and janis vittorio
you know we have shoe companies that
to make must be the company of
what clothes to make of his shoes i
best architects architects engineers
food engineers the magic because it is
been all too manipulated and you would like
all the kids I've met are gone
here
try everything can choose two three
days visited all there if
it's in schools to have just one idea
cheers graphic the visitor will move
within an area where they predominate
the water is green and the most modern
technologies to improve human life
for info visit www.seagate.com
so what to say is alive but kakà is alive
graphic gets to the ass but what the fuck
george